
- FINAL CATEGORIES WITH DISCRIPTION
1)
 RENT OUT CLOTHING FOR CASH / FASHION (shoes included)
People love clothing shopping, and this will never change.

However, certain items or outfits can be prohibitively expensive or hard to find, and that’s where clothing rental marketplaces come in handy.

If you think you have an eye for fashion and have a desirable wardrobe, you can make money by renting out your clothing on a few sites, such as:

Rent My Wardrobe – Rent out your clothing for cash with this innovative IOS app!
StyleLend – Submit items from your wardrobe for approval and earn 80% of the rental price for all transactions.

2)
-  power Tools & Equipment 
Tools are perfect for a rental business. Many people need a specific tool but don’t want to buy it because they may not need it again in the future. If you own the tools, you can rent them as a way to make money.
This applies to all types of tools, from saws to drywall lifts to chainsaws. Lawn and landscaping equipment like mowers and leaf blowers are also good options.
Most towns and cities have equipment rental businesses, but you could also start doing this on a small scale.

3) 
video shooting equipments
- drones, camera 
Ever wanted to capture a wedding or a graduation with a professional-grade camera, but didn’t want to shell out thousands of dollars? Sites like LensRentals.com and BorrowLenses.com 
now allow users to rent lenses or camera bodies for much cheaper than the cost of the normal hardware. With added bonuses like overnight shipping and quality customer service, 
budding photographers will love these options.

4) 
Tech Hardware
Buying new technology hardware can be a huge investment—but with new 
models coming out every year, it's so important for businesses to stay current.
 Sites like Rent Smart allow small business owners to borrow all kinds of 
 tech hardware, from iPads to smartphones, laptops computers for several months at a low weekly 
 rate.  Get ready to upgrade your home office—without breaking the bank.

5) 
- BOOKS
There's no denying it: College is becoming increasingly more expensive. 
That's why we love the idea of renting textbooks—it's an easy way to save 
each semester. While there are a ton of book rental sites, we especially \
like Book Renter for its library of over 5 million books (plus free shipping!),
 and Chegg, which puts a priority on low prices. In some cases, you may even 
 be allowed to highlight or take notes in book margins.

 6)
- MUSIC EQUIPMENT AND INSTRUMENTS
Anyone who plays music will know that it’s never as simple as just buying 
and owning an instrument…there’s equipment, repairs, and a plethora of new 
toys and gadgets to explore. Personally, I’ve probably spent over $2,000
 at this point between my guitars and amplifier setup, and that’s cheap by
 most standards.
If you have invested in music gear or instruments, 
you can make some of your money back by renting it out to other artists 
with the following platforms.
Spark Plug – One of the easiest ways to rent out equipment, instruments, or venue space.
Fretish – A peer to peer guitar and guitar equipment marketplace.

7) vehicles (type : any > bike, car, bus, tempo, truck, traveller)
-  While renting out your car for cash isn’t my cup of tea, many people are embracing the sharing economy and generating passive income every month with car rentals.

If you are willing to invest in an additional vehicle or don’t use your own vehicle frequently, you can use the following platforms to rent your vehicle and get paid.

Getaround – This peer to peer car sharing platform is available in over 300 cities around the world and a main player in the industry.
Turo – Turo is currently available in some major U.S and Canadian cities, and you can use their handy earnings calculator to estimate how much income you would make by renting out your car.
HyreCar – HyreCar is a newer company that allows drivers to rent out cars to people looking to drive for companies like Uber or Lyft. Checkout our HyreCar review for more info!
Riders Share – If you want to make money by renting out your motorcycle, this is the platform for you!

8) Real ESTATE

RENT OUR REAL ESTATE SPACE
Renting out items like clothing can be a decent way to make some grocery money every month, but if you want to generate some serious income, real estate is where it’s at.

There has been an explosion in popularity for many home rental apps, and if you have an extra room and the willingness to host strangers in your home, you can use the following sites to turn a nice profit:

VRBO – VRBO is one of the oldest home rental platforms and operates in 190 countries.
Airbnb – If you have ever wondered how much you can make by renting out your home on Airbnb, you might be surprised by the stats. The average AirBnB host  makes more than $900/month, and AirBnB only takes a 3-5% transaction fee on most bookings!
HomeAway – Less saturated than AirBnB, but charges up to 8% on bookings.
Rent Like A Champion – The perfect home rental platform for anyone looking to rent their place to sports fans.


9) Land for Farming/Gardening 
FARMLAND
Another easy thing to rent out for profit is farmland, provided you have some extra, arable land.

Websites like YardYum let homeowners rent out plots of land or gardening space to other people in their area who want to start their own gardens.

YardYum
If you live in a major city and have some land, this could be an incredibly easy way to earn a bit of extra income per month.

Websites like Shared Earth also let you rent out land or even farming and gardening tools, so you have plenty of options here!


10)
- BOAT RENTALS
I actually had an internship for a company that made satellite communication devices for sailors, and let me tell you, everything about boating is ridiculously expensive.

If you happen to own a boat and want to recoup some of your money, peer to peer boat rental might be your best bet.

Boatsetter – Accepts both power and sailboats.
Click & Boat – Has a rental earnings calculator to help determine how much you will earn for your boat.
Get My Boat – Currently listing more than 130,000 boats in 180 countries!
Many of these sites also let you rent out things like jet skis or other boating equipment to make extra cash.

DEFINATION 2 : 
Boats often just sit in garages, gathering dust and rusting over time. Rather than letting this happen to your expensive purchase, you can rent it out. Boat rentals are very popular. In fact, boats are one of the best things to rent.

When renting out a boat, you should:

Ensure that users understand the boat rules
Provide a waiver for them to sign
Get boat insurance for protection
If you want to, you can even collect a security deposit for the boat. This will allow you to perform repairs if something goes wrong with the rental. Liability insurance might also come in handy.